DOCS-3753: Clarify machine cloud credentials (#4222)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/reference/viam-agent/_index.md

{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}

> As an alternative to specifying the `VIAM_API_KEY_ID`, the `VIAM_API_KEY`, and the `VIAM_PART_ID` when running the command, you can also copy the machine credential from the Viam app into <file>/etc/viam.json</file>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to specifying the `VIAM_API_KEY_ID`, the `VIAM_API_KEY`, and the `VIAM_PART_ID` when running the command, you can also copy the machine cloud credentials from the Viam app into <file>/etc/viam.json</file>.
```
[q] since this is still /etc/viam.json, should we refer to it with the same terminology?
